two
a mountainous landscape universally
appreciated the massif his speed in Bavaria
to access the alpine space the
Visitors climb / zipper
the railroad has more than 80 years of
old on board the train the trip
it becomes an entire experience
like in the sensational riffel stop
risk
overlooking lives and a mountain lake
with nine small islands and almost 1000
meters high
we continue the trip
each year the train carries 250,000
tourists to the south and spitzer the
tallest mountain in germany
in summer the only German glacier
loses more by melting in rivers of
ice
the tour continues towards the platform
panoramic with its unique views on
400 summits
the speed suite equally attracts
locals and travelers of all
nationalities and those who do not suffer
vertigo can climb to the top two
thousand 962 meters high
all right
a few kilometers away the
cable car to speed drives to the
hikers to the second peak more
high of the region the high tab of two
thousand 628 meters before you can feel
a tingling when crossing the sky walk to
speaks two catwalks that float on a
1000 meters abyss
He said
a good network of trails facilitates the
access to the mountain
and everywhere there are opportunities to
Enjoy a long pause
above the limit of the grove
typical plants grow like the agency
Nava Rod
the road is complicated because the
concentration of oxygen in the air
decreases with height it is necessary a
safe passage and good physical condition
For mountaineering, the
helmet and climber belt only
with the right equipment you can access
to the summit via ferrata including
hikers unaccustomed to climbing
they manage to get to overcome walls
vertical
at the foot of the oscar mountain range
sell at only 20 kilometers it
find mit in bald
a typically Bavarian place famous for
his traditional violin workshops
about 1300 meters above
mittenwald you will find a telescope
giant that is information center and
viewpoint in the western part of carl
benz del la panoramic is even more
impressive you can see up to the
incredible summit
here begins via ferrata
mittenwald who wants to climb it
you will need seven hours the difficulties
begin as soon as you start the ascent
no steps help the
climbers depend on their expertise
but there is another possibility of
discover the mountainous universe in a
ultralight aircraft
good weather tourists
can book a flight time with
the glider pilots of green pnv the
be and so fly over all summits
from the massif of his speed